Here I will explain how to install this script, what the functions provided 
do and how to use them in your program.
                                                                                         
To use these files you need to have a php installation. They have been 
tested in Linux running apache2 and php 4.3.2 but should probably work
on any php installation.
                                                                                         
To install it:
- this versions requires PEARs HTTP_Request class (see pear.php.net)
  or the browser emulator class (included with this distribution).

- Untar the archive.
- move the imdb directory under your document root.
- edit imdb/config.php
  - $cachedir should point to the directory where pages retrieved from imdb
    will be stored and used if the information for the same movie is
    requested again. Owner of this directory with write access should be the 
    owner of the web server process. It is safer this directory to be outside
    document root. If you don't want to use cache you can leave it empty and 
    also set $usecache and $storecache to FALSE.
  - $photoroot should be set to a directory where cover images are stored
    with photo_localurl() if you don't intent to use this function you can
    leave it empty. It should also be owned by the same user that runs the
    apache process and with write access.
- test it:
  - point your browser to imdb dir ex. "http://localhost/imdb/"
  - enter a search term
    a test script (imdbsearch.php) will be opened and perform your search
    using the imdbsearch class.
  - select a movie for the results.
    a test script (imdb.php) will be opened and retrieve details for the
    selected movie using the imdb class. This script uses most of the functions
    from imdb.class.php and is a good start to learn how to use the class.
  - after you have tested the script with a couple of movies, and if you use
    cache, you can check cache.php - this script shows a list of the movies
    that are in cache. In this script you can also see how to use the same
    object to get information on multiple movies.
- if you use it in your application you probably want to remove imdb.php,
  imdbsearch.php and cache.php

If you find an imdb movie for which it doesn't work right in any way, please
report either by opening a ticket at
http://projects.izzysoft.de/?topic=trac;subject=imdbphp or use the discussion
forum on http://sourceforge.net/projects/imdbphp - but to confirm it is not
just a problem with your local installation, please try to reproduce on the
demo available at the first mentioned link.

To get started, next to the sample code to be found in the imdb.php file of
this distributions archive, an API reference is included and can also be found
at the projects page for your convinience.
